{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1250\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red59\green59\blue59;\red217\green11\blue0;\red0\green68\blue254;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10720\viewh11860\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs48 \cf0 PAQ CHAIR
\fs70 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa340

\fs28 \cf0 The world's most simple bed-chair 
\b (award badge)
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\fs24 \cf0 Started in 
\b 2010
\b0  and it's an ever-
\b evolving
\b0  product\
\
COMFY\
It feels like a bean bag just much easier to get up from it. It's really flexible so you can move around in it but it's always supports your back. It's a playful stylish armchair and if you get tired of enjoying it just a simple zipper move turns it into a bed. Get the sheetings from the fiber drum and have a nap or a good sleep. It is as simple as it can be.\
\
PRACTICAL\
It's ideal for small places or as a spare bed. Available in cotton, textile leather and impregnate textile all of it in lot of color. The inner side is always cotton for a comfortable sleep. The cover is machine-washable. More information and webshop:  www.paqchair.com\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs48 \cf3 PAQ FOTEL
\fs70 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf3 a vil\'e1g legegyszer\uc0\u369 bb fotel\'e1gya 
\b (d\'edjnyertes badge)
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\fs24 \cf3 \

\b 2010
\b0 -ben indult \'e9s folyamatosan 
\b fejl\uc0\u337 dik\
\

\b0 K\'c9NYELMES\
\'c9rz\'e9sre olyan, mint egy fotel\'e1gy, csak \'e9ppen sokkal k\'f6nnyebb fel\'e1llni bel\uc0\u337 le. Rugalmas, \'edgy lehet benne mocorogni, ugyanakkor a h\'e1tadat j\'f3l tartja. Egy j\'e1t\'e9kos \'e9s st\'edlusos fotel, \'e9s ha meguntad az \'fcl\'e9st, egyetlen zippz\'e1rmozdulattal \'e1talak\'edthatod \'e1ggy\'e1. Enn\'e9l egyszer\u369 bb nem is lehetne!\
\
PRAKTIKUS\
Ide\'e1lis kis helyekre vagy vend\'e9gegknek. El\'e9rhet\uc0\u337  pamut, m\u369 b\u337 r \'e9s impregn\'e1lt textil anyagb\'f3l, term\'e9rdek sz\'ednben. A bels\u337  fel\'fclete minden esetben textil, a k\'e9nyelmes alv\'e1s el\u337 seg\'edt\'e9s\'e9re. A huzat g\'e9pben is moshat\'f3. Tov\'e1bbi inform\'e1ci\'f3 a \cf4 webshopban: www.paqchair.com}